top 5 total war games maybe top three
there on that now is the down a bit
definitely one of the most amazing
experiences I've ever had when it comes
to gaming anyways so you know I haven't
been covering a third age at all lately
unfortunately but it not not only is it
full of the samurais fault it's actually
because my game keeps crashing whenever
in the town um I played this game for
six hours last Saturday I was for a week
ago from three o'clock in the evening to
nine o'clock or three o'clock in the
morning I'm so tired right now sorry
guys feels like I'm slack than that
smack slacked what's that smacked in the
head with a with a hammer or something
and you know but I just had to really
make this video I couldn't really let it
go I have to explain what happened so as
you can see have really given my
resistance a hell I've been doing
everything to fight the walks and it's
been going pretty well they have a
couple of all I'm saying yeah this thing
here didn't work out too well got
captured by rebels I read it for me and
retake what they can but I really gave
everyone in a spanking Rohan reappeared
as well randomly and Congress retaking
tons of things so while third age isn't
what it used to be still an enjoyable
place but there's not much more
resistance to it and i think the game
would have ended here sooner or later
anyways but i'm gonna show you what
happens when i end the turn i don't know
if this will be called on the recording
but the game will crash there you go
fatal graphics error has occurred in the
game will now be shut down this is a bit
boring and sad her be the ones to
continue this but well this video is
mainly to show you guys that for now
third ages later nice and definitely i
won't be returning the rune any time
again due to this so um well look
forward to more full summary and i'm
still playing and partial war so I got
more that on the way bye